Kaspar Dennis here from submission radio
we were standing here right here with
Marcus Bremen she just had a very
exciting a knockout over Jimmy Beck to
Jean and you're reading our power levels
as we speak Marcus how do you feel I'll
be honest with you I can't I don't even
want to spit job because the ratings
kind of low so but I'm still I'm feeling
good I'm feeling great I had a very hard
camp and I'm just blessed that you know
the fight did not take as long as I
expected so I'm very happy right now
now Marcus what's going through
everyone's mind right now is have you
turn super saying after a victory like
that no man only use my Kaioken tetany
you know that was all that was neither
was just the ko Cantonese and in terms
of that naka it really was spectacular
is that something you've been practicing
a lot in training did you expect the
fight to end like that yes my coach my
coach whisper in my ear Chris Conley he
was my a ain't gonna be no third round
so that's what does motivation I used
some other coach for humpin from America
Tati he told me and you're gonna started
off right so the blue corner we could go
undefeated the whole time and I used
that motivation to go out there and lay
the smackdown now Marcus take us into
your mind right now obviously you've had
a bit of a difficult time in the last
couple of fights you picked up this big
win in a Sydney Australia what's going
on in your mind right now what are you
thinking what are you feeling right now
right now I want to get something to eat
and I want to go and enjoy Sydney
Australia I didn't get the opportunity
as much because I have to focus on
weight and get my mind preparing for
this fight but I'm free so I want to go
out I want to see everything you know
I've been to manly manly Beach I've been
to that area but I just want to go
sightseeing and actually get the
opportunity to enjoy Sydney Australia
that's like one of the perks of being a
fighter we get to travel all over the
world you know it's a beautiful country
there's lots to do we spoke to a like
winter you mentioned you wanted to swim
with sharks
any chance of same Oxbridge swimming
with sharks no no no no look I'll stay
in Florida you know there's no Shark
Week to go around I'm cool with that
I'll stay right here I do one that
seesaw I can't
Riis box each other but that's about it
they do that guys guys you can getcha
marques pretty much watching the
Kangaroos box here in Australia after an
amazing win at UFC Fight Night 55 Marcus
congratulations once again much man to
be here
hey howl at me brim 205 Twitter police
station Network if you want this then
i'ma bust you up indefinitely baby I
ain't messing with the 2800 class here's
the bish ready Marcus thanks so much for
your time man thank you so much